Audience: [applause and cheers]
SR: Hello, Sid Roth here, welcome to my world,
where it's naturally supernatural! My guest
died, went to Heaven, but was sent back for
many reasons but one of the major reasons
was to reveal the secrets of Angels. Did you
know that your entire future was written in
advance, and there's books that have exactly
what you're supposed to do, and it's the job
of the Angels for to help you step by step
fulfill your destiny? But most Believers don't
know how to cooperate with the Angels! Would
you like to learn?
Audience: Yes! [applause and cheers]
[music]
Announcer: Is there a supernatural dimension?
A world beyond the one we know? Can we tap
into ancient secrets of the supernatural?
Can our dreams contain messages from Heaven?
Is God ready to bring a tsunami wave of healing
onto planet Earth today? Sid Roth has spent
over 40 years researching the strange world
of the supernatural. Join Sid for this edition
of "It's Supernatural!"
Audience: [applause and cheers]
SR: Now, Kevin, you have told me many times
that there is an Angel that comes with you
to accomplish what you speak. Is that Angel
here now?
KZ: Yes, he's come.
SR: I'm so glad you're here!
KZ: [laughs]
Audience: [laughs]
SR: [laughs]
KZ: And I'm even more relieved [laughing]
than you are about it. [laughs]
SR: [chuckling] Oh, okay. Now, you have a
mandate to teach on Angels. How did that come
about?
KZ: I was taught that we need to start to
recognize the fact that we have been assigned
Angels that have read our books, in Heaven,
according to Psalm 139. So this process of
them reading the books becomes the agenda
of Angels, which is the agenda of God! And
so this agenda of Angels come down and they
make the agenda of Angels which is the agenda
of God our agenda. And that's their goal,
is to cause us to do our books. They help
us, they assist us, so there's this mindset
that has to happen. And the Lord said to
me if this does not happen, this next move
of God will not be what He intended.
SR: Tell me about the first Angel you ever
encountered.
KZ: Well, Sid, well Sid I feel that people
talk too much about the devil, so they talk
about all the things that the devil's doing
to them. But if you talk, like one instance
where an Angel comes into your room like it
did for me on this first time, and I was just
praying, I was just being a nice Christian,
praying in tongues, pacing back and forth,
and all of a sudden, something shifted in
my room, and when I looked, the door had swung
open in my dorm room. And whatever came in
there, he was huge. I couldn't see in the
dark until he got close to me, but he must
have been 10 feet tall, and it looked like
he weighed 800 pounds. He was in full Roman
armor, centurion armor, that you can you can
look up! So he walked over to me, I had fallen,
and I couldn't even move. The holiness of
God was just pulsating from him. He grabbed
me, he picked me up, and he said, "I have
been sent from the presence of the Lord to
tell you and to warn you that you must set
yourself apart. You must come out from among
everyone, and set yourself apart for the next
6 months." And he instructed me. He said,
"Now there are people that are, are going
to actually be judged by God that are around
you right now. And they, you are not to be
their friends anymore."
Audience: Wow.
KZ: And he showed me who they were, and there
was a whole group of them. And I said I didn't
suspect any of this, so he told me, he said
he said, "Now you're going to set yourself
apart, and you are going to seek God, because
you are called, and the Lord has plans for
you, and you must do this." And all of a sudden
he stopped, and I said, "Continue", and he
said and he went like that, and he was listening
in his ear, and the Holy Spirit was speaking
to him,
Audience: Hmm.
KZ: and he said, "I have been called to another
place. Go to the prayer", "prayer chapel,
and the Holy Spirit will finish my message."
Audience: Wow.
KZ: And I said, "Well you're right here, just
go ahead and finish it!"
Audience: [laughs]
KZ: And he's he got he got he got upset with
me. He said, "I said go and pray, and the
Holy Spirit will finish it", and he turned,
and he started to run down the hallway, and
disappeared, into the air.
SR: And that was just his first encounter
[laughing] with an Angel!
KZ: Yeah!
Audience: [laugh]
SR: how there's something that a lot of people
don't understand. How does supernatural languages,
or speaking in tongues, coincide with these
messengers, these Angels?
KZ: When I was with Jesus, He showed me that
tongues was the number one way to enter
into the supernatural realm, while you're
doing your everyday life. And so I saw, though,
that when I prayed in tongues, I was praying
forth the will of God, according to Romans
8:26. So when in my weakness, the Holy Spirit
came in, and gave me the ability. Well, I
saw that Angels understood what I was saying
in tongues, but what I was saying in tongues
was the agenda of God, which when they looked
at their agenda that they were sent to help
me with, it was their agenda. So my agenda
was Angels' agenda, and it was God's agenda.
So why would you not pray in tongues all the
time, like Paul did?
Audience: [cheers]
KZ: Why would you not want to engage? And
I found myself in supernatural missions where
I felt like [chuckling] I was on some special
forces team. I had Angels that were taking
me places, and telling me go talk to this
person, and they would just be led to the
Lord immediately. And they're here right now,
Sid. They're every there's actually more Angels
with this group of people that we're talking
to, than there are people. There are at least
twice as many Angels
Audience: Wow.
KZ: in any one place.
Audience: [applause and cheers]
SR: Now, uh this it's going to get a little
crunchy. He had a meeting with some Angels
who identified themselves as Pentagon Angels,
and how they work to help the United States,
and Israel! Be right back.
Audience: [applause and cheers]
[music] ANNOUNCER: We will be right back to
"It's Supernatural!"
Hello YouTube mishpochah! Mishpochah is a
Hebrew word; it means family. This is Sid
Roth. Welcome to my world where it’s naturally
supernatural! If you’ve been blessed by
this show, please subscribe. Then click the
bell so you won’t miss a single episode
of It’s Supernatural!
[music] ANNOUNCER: We now return to "It's
Supernatural!"
Audience: [applause and cheers]
SR: He's having the time of his life. He has
uh the ability he's a seer to look into the
invisible world. Uh me, I can let him tell
me what he sees, and he's seeing so much stuff
going on! But if it's so much stuff going
on in here, it's going right through your
television and computer, I tell you. Tell
me about the Pentagon Angels.
KZ: Well how that happened was I was at work,
and I 'd just checked into the hotel. And
when I went up to my room, I just told my
crew "I'll meet you for dinner", so we did
that. When I came back, I did not expect this,
you know, but when I opened my door to my
room, the power of God was so strong. Can
you imagine having the power of God in your
room stronger than any church service you've
ever encountered? And there's nobody in there,
I thought, until I heard the door shut, and
I turned to my right, and there, in the corner,
were 6 Angels standing there, smiling, and
they looked like they were excited to talk
with me! And these didn't have wings, they
didn't have, you know, your standard they
were just robed individuals. There were 6
of them, and they said, "We've been waiting
for you to come. We heard you're coming. We're
so excited", he says, "because you get it."
SR: [chuckles]
KZ: And I said, "I get it?" He goes, "Yeah!"
He says, "You operate in the Spirit, as though
we're real. And Angels love it when people
treat us as though we're real, and we're fellow
servants, because you know it says that in
the book of Revelation, that John was not
to worship that Angel because we are fellow
servants with you!"
Audience: Yes.
KZ: And so they were so excited, and so they
began just to talk to me, and reveal the other
side to me, as I was standing there. And you
know what I said to them? I said, "No one
is going to believe this" [laughing]
Audience: [laughs]
SR: [laughs]
KZ: "if I ever tell anybody this!" And they
said "Well we heard that you worship
God everywhere you go, in your hotel room
after work. You work long days, and then you
walk in your room, and the first thing you
do is you raise your hands without music,
and you start to worship the Father God."
And they said, "Kevin, we have been sent to
talk to you about some things." And they started
to tell me about the move of God that was
coming, that was the Glory of the Father!
So the Father was going to be revealed in
this last move! And they showed me how there
was the Charismatic movement, and there was
the Jesus movement, and now [chuckling] there's
going to be the Father movement!
Audience: Wow. [applause]
KZ: And the Father's been silent, in the
sense that He's spoken through His Son.
SR: Right.
KZ: And so, they started to tell me all these
things, and they started to reveal to
me. They said really, the special forces Angels
are already on the ground, and all their equipment
for this next move! So don't wait any longer,
because it's already rising, and the Glory
of the Lord is there. So they taught me, listen,
Sid, they taught me how to yield to the Glory,
and speak from the Glory. So when the Glory
comes into a room, you speak from it, and
you become another person. And so they taught
me how to do that. They actually showed
me, I'll just tell you. They handed
me my books that I haven't even written yet.
Audience: Wow.
KZ: They handed them through the veil a veil,
and they said, "These are from the Father
God. These are given to you, and they are
not to be touched by any other man, because
they are sacred. So don't let anyone edit
out anything that the Father God gives you to
write, because the people need to hear these
things." I said I said, "Can you guys come
with me?", and they said, "Oh no, we can't
because we're assigned to the Pentagon."
SR: Now this room you were in was right across
the street like from the Pentagon.
KZ: Yeah! You could see the Pentagon through
my window. And I said, "You work at the Pentagon?",
and they said, "Yeah, those people over there,
they think they're running this country, but
we really" [laughs]
Audience: [laughs]
SR: [laughs]
KZ: [laughing] "we really are."
Audience: [laughs and applause]
KZ: [laughing] That's what they said!
They said, "We're there for "
SR: I haven't seen that
KZ: [laughs]
SR: on Fox or CNN lately!
Audience: [laughs]
KZ: [laughs]
SR: [laughs]
KZ: And I said, "Oh, people aren't going to
believe this, at all."
Audience: [chuckles]
SR: [chuckles]
KZ: I thought, "Oh." You know, so for a while,
I never told anybody, but I they said the
importance was is that this country
must stay with its foundation, which is God
Almighty, and that the prosperity of this
nation was helping support missionaries all
over the world, they said.
Audience: Yes.
KZ: And, that the interests of Israel were
their assignment at the Pentagon, so they
were under Michael, and they were sent as,
under Michael the Archangel, sent to the Pentagon,
to make sure that Israel was always protected.
Audience: [cheers]
KZ: And I just want to talk to the people
at home, because one thing that I noticed
about Jesus, when I had my Heavenly visitation
with Him, was is that I felt value, and
I felt secure. And I know that Jesus sent
Angels to make us feel secure. They're there
to secure your life, and to help you. But
you've got to remember something: Jesus values
you. The Father values you. And I'm telling
you this because you've got to stay in there
with God right now. Do not give in. Those
demons, they're going to have to stop tormenting
you at night. They're going to they're going
to stop, because I'm breaking the power right
now.
Audience: Amen! [applause]
KZ: Those visitations at night are going to
be Angels! The Lord is going to turn it around,
and Angels are going to visit you at night!
You know, Sid, I hear people all the time,
they tell me um that, "You know the devil
said this to me, and you know, these demons,
they keep bothering me." But I hardly ever
hear anybody say, "Oh, my Angel came and told
me that I'm doing fine, and that, "Tomorrow
I got a big surprise for you." You know you
say that, and they think you're loopy!
Audience: [laughs]
KZ: But if you go to get a testimony service
at church, they'll tell you, like for 15 minutes,
what the devil's been doing to them all week.
But, I'm sorry, I've just I just feel that
the church needs to turn around the Body of
Christ, that Messiah has delivered us!
Audience: [cheers]
KZ: And so the Angels have come to deliver
us! The Holy Spirit inside of us, He's a deliverer!
Audience: Yes!
KZ: And so it's time to start talking about
what the Angels are doing! They have the agenda,
and it's the agenda of God, and it's our books.
SR: Speaking of the agenda of God, he learned
so much, and there he had an experience
that, you correct me if I'm wrong, you've
never really publicly shared before
KZ: Um hmm.
SR: on Mount Sinai. We'll talk about it when
we come back.
Audience: [applause and cheers]
[music] ANNOUNCER: We will be right back to
"It's Supernatural!"
[Promo].
[music] ANNOUNCER: We now return to
"It's Supernatural!"
Audience: [applause and cheers]
SR: Kevin, you literally went to what you
call the command center in Heaven.
What did you see?
KZ: Well I was surprised that Heaven is
a Kingdom of course you know the
Kingdom of God
but it has a military! And there was a
military department,
and a military building, and there was a command
center. And Jesus was head of all the Angels!
He was the Lord of Hosts! And all the Angels
answered to Him, and there's all these different
ranks. And there's all different kinds of
Angels, there's more than we even know. And
they are asking Jesus, "What do we do about
this, because their book says this?" And they
have these books that they went and got! There
they've got people's names on them! "And this
is what You wrote about them, Lord, before
they were born. You wrote each one of their
days in a book. And so this is what's going
on, but we", "we need to know what we should
do about this, because", "if they're being
disobedient, or if they're in rebellion."
It's hard for an Angel to win people over,
so the Holy Spirit has to work, and Jesus
has to work on other ways, so they send people.
They run into people, and the Angels are told,
"Okay, set it up so that they talk to this
person on the bus", and so you'll find yourself,
if you're in disobedience, every year you'll
find yourself in the same spot and being told
the same thing, because the Angels put you
in a cycle. So the command center does all
this. They determine who they're going to
influence. Listen to this. It has to do with
a whole generation.
Audience: Wow.
KZ: So everything that is done, God is thinking about
His family, but not just our generation, but
the next generation. And, they also have these
notes that say that a previous generation
prayed, so we have to honor that.
Audience: [cheers]
SR: Hmm!
KZ: Yeah!
Audience: [applause and cheers]
SR: Now this gets pretty deep!
KZ: Oh I'll tell you it does! [chuckles]
SR: Now, I want to hear about that experience
you've never shared publicly on Mount Sinai.
KZ: Well that, I'm telling you, I I don't
know where to start with that except that
I was writing in a book, by another title.
And as I was doing that, I sat in my chair
that I write in, and the power of God was
so strong in my office, and all of a sudden
I didn't feel the chair anymore. And so I
knew that you know, something was shifting,
and that
SR: Uh you know as you're starting to share
this, the presence
KZ: Yeah!
SR: of God is getting stronger, and stronger
really, on what you're saying, right now!
KZ: Yeah.
SR: Go ahead.
KZ: Well, what happened was as I went somewhere,
and I, and I'm just being honest with you,
maybe people can help me out, because I can't
explain it! This happens to me, as a normal
Christian. I don't claim to have any rank
in the Body of Christ. I just I'm just a normal
Christian that prays in tongues. And I don't
think of myself as anything else, so the
playing field is level with this. I was doing
what God asked me to do, to write this book.
And I found myself on a mountaintop, very
high up, and there were Angels surrounding
the top of this mountain. And in the center,
I saw a man talking, in the Glory, with someone.
I could not see who it was, but I believe
it was God, and it was Moses.
Audience: Wow.
KZ: And I didn't know what to do, so I looked
down, and it looked like there was snow on the
ground, but it was this gray, slate-type rock.
And I kicked one of the rocks, and I thought
it was snow, but it didn't it didn't uh respond
like snow would.
SR: Right.
KZ: It was white hot, from the person who
was standing in the center, God Almighty.
And the place was so holy that I couldn't
move anymore, but I felt at home. I felt clean.
You know the fear of the Lord is clean, it
says. "The fear of the Lord is the beginning
of wisdom." I started to receive downloads
for this new book, called "The Agenda of Angels".
So then, I had I saw 4 of these Angels move
forward to talk to me, and one of them spoke,
and this is what he said. He said, "Go back
and tell the people not to grieve their Angels."
And I said, "I have. I've told them." He says,
"It's not enough", and he gave me Exodus 23,
where it talked about the Angel that was sent
among the children of Israel, because God
couldn't be among them because they were
"stiff-necked and unbelieving".
Audience: Hmm.
KZ: So, he said, "That Angel was grieved and
provoked." And its, and God said, "Don't provoke
that Angel, because he will not tolerate your
sin." And those Angels said, "It's happening,
Kevin." And he said, "You need to go back."
He said, "The Angels have been sent to work,
with man, and implement this next move. It
must happen, because the harvest must come
in", and I was back in my chair in my office
again.
Audience: Wow.
SR: Hmh!
KZ: And the presence of God was so strong,
and the love of the Father. I feel that this
generation is so valuable to God, and I feel
it's time, uh and I know this as a fact: We're
going to get visited, and a lot of people,
whether they like it or not, the supernatural
is going to invade their environment.
Audience: Amen!
KZ: But I'm telling this now on this show
because I sense that the children of God who
have walked with God, they should be able
to jump in right now,
Audience: Amen.
KZ: not wait, and that's what the Angels are
saying. "The fear of the Lord is the beginning
of wisdom", and don't provoke your Angel by
being unbelieving and -
SR: What do you mean by, "Jump in"?
KZ: Well, there's a river of life. I saw the
river of life when I was in Heaven, and it
was so beautiful, I knew if I got one drink
out of that river of life, that I would live
a thousand years, so I was like wanting to
go down there and drink! And but I didn't
get to, I got sent back. But here's the thing:
That river is coming up from within us!
Audience: Wow!
KZ: Jesus said that that river is coming up
from within us, and it's eternal life! And
I'm just telling you that the Angels are waiting
for us to tap into what God has already done
through Jesus the Messiah. We need to go ahead
and go to the altar, go back to the cross.
We need to turn our faces back towards the
Lord God, and allow the Angels to do their
job! That's what they would do if you were
interviewing them!
SR: You know what I'm hearing you say? That
it's time for a new beginning.
KZ: Yeah.
Audience: Amen. [applause]
SR: I'm hearing you say, "You know better."
"You know better." And it's time to stop
letting the flesh control your life.
Audience: Amen!
SR: It's time to let God control your life!
Look in the camera, and I want you to pray
a prayer, that people surrender to God.
KZ: Right now, just open your hearts.
Father, I just thank You.
Just say it, Father, I thank You.
SR and Audience: Father, I thank You.
KZ: I relinquish my will to you.
SR and Audience: I relinquish my will to you.
KZ: Tell the Angels to pull my book in Heaven,
SR and Audience: Tell the Angels to pull my
book in Heaven,
KZ: and allow the Angels to implement that.
SR and Audience: and allow the Angels to implement
that.
KZ: I agree with Your will.
SR and Audience: I agree with Your will.
KZ: I hand over my life to Jesus the Messiah.
SR and Audience: [music] I hand over my life
to Jesus the Messiah.
KZ: Everything I give to You.
SR and Audience: Everything I give to You.
KZ: Nothing withholding,
SR and Audience: Nothing withholding,
KZ: offering myself as a sacrifice,
SR and Audience: offering myself as a sacrifice,
KZ: in the name of Jesus Messiah.
SR and Audience: in the name of Jesus Messiah.
KZ: [choking up] Amen.
SR: You've said that prayer, you meant it.
Get ready for the ride of
your life!
KZ: [chuckles]
Audience: Amen! [cheers and applause]
[music]